Joan Kandel: I'm I'm I'm well. Oh, I'm Dr. Candle.
Trevor Burger: Yes, ma'am. Nice to meet you.
Joan Kandel: Nice to meet you too. You're Trevor right
Yes.
Joan Kandel: How are you
Trevor Burger: I'm actually doing really well.
Joan Kandel: Oh that's good to hear.
Tell me more.
Trevor Burger: So I was with Brian health, for I don't know how many months. It was it was for a while, and they had me at three eight milligram strips today and I tore my ACL about eight weeks ago nine weeks ago and whenever I did that I relapsed on fitness and so
Trevor Burger: I don't remember the exact day I got out on Saturday. But I went to ended three weeks at the Hacienda in Texas.
Trevor Burger: Because I relapsed on the fenton on and I was doing a lot of Xanax, so I went there and they got me all the way down to I've been taking four milligrams three times a day.
Joan Kandel: Suboxone
Trevor Burger: Yes, ma'am.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: And and how are you doing on four milligrams three times today.
Trevor Burger: I'm actually doing really good right now. I mean, the three weeks was really hard, but because it went really fast. But I'm glad that they did it. I feel like it works a lot better where I'm at right now than it was at 24
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. What do you think is different.
Trevor Burger: I feel like I mean I was taking a at first I was at two, eight milligrams trips a day and then
Trevor Burger: I forget the doctor's name that it. I can't even remember his name that bright heart health, he will. I was started having real bad diarrhea.
Joan Kandel: I Dr element.
Trevor Burger: Yeah. And he decided to go up to 24 and it seemed like as soon as I went to 24. It was like nothing. It wasn't really working for anything. I mean like I wasn't having stomach problems, but my body started hurting, and I was having real bad anxiety all the time and
Trevor Burger: I mean, I also, I wasn't working like a program, either at the time. I finally am back into that with my sponsor and stuff and then go into meetings, but it seemed like once I got down to the for forum for it was
Trevor Burger: I just started feeling normal again. I, I wouldn't have not having any kind of body aches or sweats, or really, I'm not really having any withdraws at all, or any anxiety.
Trevor Burger: And awesome. The doctor that I was at La Hacienda he
Trevor Burger: He gave me. It's called Inderal
Trevor Burger: For anxiety. And so I had been taking that and he sent me home with the prescription of it.
Trevor Burger: And you sent me home with the prescription for like a sleeping.
Joan Kandel: They're all
Trevor Burger: Here, I'll show it to you.
Trevor Burger: It's called the real the generic is called per panel.
Joan Kandel: Oh propranolol oh
Joan Kandel: Yeah yeah yeah
Trevor Burger: And, uh, but whenever I let
Joan Kandel: Us on that.
Trevor Burger: 20 milligrams four times a day.
Joan Kandel: Oh,
Trevor Burger: And I whenever I left treatment. I was, I kind of stopped taking he sent me home with asleep in bed to called rim, Ron, but since I got out. I haven't been taken anything except the Suboxone and pro panel.
Trevor Burger: And I wasn't going to take the panel yesterday, but I woke up.
Trevor Burger: Yesterday morning and I was like, kind of shaken really bad and my tongue was shaking. And so I called that doctor and he said that that was from like abruptly stopping it.
Trevor Burger: And so I wanted to talk
Trevor Burger: To him, I don't want to stay on it. I was so I wanted to talk to you about how to come off of that without
Trevor Burger: Okay. He said it wouldn't be a problem. It just needed to be done right.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, we can talk about that for sure.
Joan Kandel: How many do you still have left of that. How many pills.
Trevor Burger: Are just barely filled it yesterday. So I have
Trevor Burger: It came with 120 and I only took three yesterday and one this morning. So I have got under 16. It was all month
Joan Kandel: So you've got plenty. Okay. Okay, great. Yeah, yeah. We can do you want to talk about that right now how to do that.
Trevor Burger: He had told me I talked to him and he had just suggested like to stay on it just for a week, till I kind of readjust back to where I'm at and then talk to. He knew that I was going to call you guys back and start doing this. And so he said to talk to you about it and so
Trevor Burger: That's fun to me. I just because it was kind of like a culture shock coming back home out of treatment again and
Trevor Burger: I just thought I would get right to
Joan Kandel: Your readjusting to everything.
Trevor Burger: But I definitely don't want to stay on it.
So,
Joan Kandel: Okay, I think that's fine. So what we should do is
Joan Kandel: Let's, let's have you stay on the propranolol four times a day, like you're taking it for a week and then after that, I would suggest that you go
Joan Kandel: Like you see since you have a lot of those, then you go three times a day for two weeks ago maybe get write it on your calendar, you know,
Joan Kandel: What a week at four times a day two weeks at three times a day two weeks at two times a day.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and then
Joan Kandel: Two weeks at once a day, so two weeks each time.
Joan Kandel: Okay, before switching down. And then when you're on when you're on after you've been on two weeks of once a day do two weeks of one pill every other day, and then
Joan Kandel: And that'll be a nice
Joan Kandel: easy transition. So it's going to be two weeks each time.
Joan Kandel: And it's just kind of stepping down, so two weeks at three pills a day then to tip pills a day than one pill a day and in two weeks at one pill every other day.
Trevor Burger: I got. Thank you.
Joan Kandel: Good. Okay. Yeah, you bet. That's a nice safe slow, easy way to to do that and you know that medicine is not associated with any withdrawal symptoms or you won't
Joan Kandel: Feel that way. It's just kind of easing your body down
Joan Kandel: So that you can adjust to to everything. And that's, that's perfect.
Joan Kandel: And I think you'll have enough with 120
Joan Kandel: Bills.
Joan Kandel: I think that'll be an hour to do that if you're killing it out and
Joan Kandel: You're getting towards the end.
Joan Kandel: I'm sorry, we've got a delay in the audio.
Joan Kandel: If you've calculated. If you're getting if you're getting to the end of
Joan Kandel: Your of your bottle and you think you don't have enough we can revisit how to taper down or you can just kind of go instead of the full two weeks in go one week at a lower amount. If you think you're going to run out and have to stop suddenly
Joan Kandel: So, but I don't think they're gonna, I think you're going to have enough
Trevor Burger: And I was just telling the lady that was checking me in that I just did lab work in the urine tests at the treatment I was at. So I'm going to send her the results of that. I don't know if y'all need different way, or I would send what they did.
Joan Kandel: Oh, that'd be helpful. They probably got a pretty full set of labs. Do you know if they check you for Pepsi and HIV.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, they checked me for all of that my liver stuff everything
Joan Kandel: Oh, that's perfect. Yeah, that is a staff we check. And what was your
Joan Kandel: How are your lives.
Trevor Burger: Nothing came back, he said everything was normal.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Oh, that's great. Good. Yeah, so getting a copy of those labs will probably suffice that'll probably be good.
Trevor Burger: Or good
Trevor Burger: I'll make sure I get it done today.
Joan Kandel: Okay, perfect. And
Joan Kandel: How many Suboxone. Do you still have left.
Trevor Burger: I don't have any from you guys and my mom actually had she holds the bottle and
Trevor Burger: He sent me home with a 62 milligram ones. So a Saturday I took Saturday, and he took eight because we didn't fill it to like the middle of the afternoon, and then yesterday I took
Trevor Burger: Notes. I took four of them on Saturday I took six of them yesterday and then to this morning. Whenever I woke up.
Joan Kandel: Okay. All right.
Joan Kandel: Did a now i think that they make a strip. That's four milligrams
Trevor Burger: Yeah, they
Joan Kandel: Are you could get an eight milligram and cut it.
Trevor Burger: They make four milligram
Joan Kandel: That seems easier than
Joan Kandel: Yeah, yeah. And what, why did he prescribed the two milligrams once
Joan Kandel: That's just what's a reason
Joan Kandel: Or it's
Trevor Burger: That's just what they were.
Trevor Burger: Okay, even whenever they were tapering me down and I was taking 12 milligrams in the morning and at night, they would give me six of those. I don't really know why that's just
Joan Kandel: What they do, okay.
Joan Kandel: That's just what they had. Okay, that's fine. It'll just be easier to not have
Trevor Burger: To do so many
Joan Kandel: So, so we can
Joan Kandel: We can do the overprescribe the four milligram. And then you can take
Joan Kandel: Three of those a day.
Joan Kandel: Alternatively we could do that eight milligram, and you can cut them and you can do one and a half a day do you care.
Trevor Burger: No either whatever, if you could do the four milligram strips. That's fine.
Joan Kandel: Okay, I, I just, it's, um, the problem with the formula grand strips. Is that a lot of our
Trevor Burger: Star my face off. Yeah, and I live in
Joan Kandel: The tools or the elites are you in
Trevor Burger: love us or we're yeah I'm in Clovis, so I would probably do the eight sexually
Trevor Burger: And all I think
Trevor Burger: Because, yeah.
Joan Kandel: I think so too. That's what I think it's rare for pharmacies to cover it, especially in a small town like Clovis
Joan Kandel: So that's so we'll do the will do the eight and then did you do you feel it works better for you or is there a reason that you're taking it three times a day instead of all at once.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, it seemed like whenever I took because they tried it at the treatment to for they made me do it for three days. Just to see if my body would kind of
Trevor Burger: Get used to it, but whenever I did it. It just seemed like I would take it at six in the morning and then it seemed by
Trevor Burger: 536 sometimes even a little earlier it I would start going back into withdrawal and whenever I take, I take it at 772 in the afternoon and 9pm seven hours apart. That's how I do it.
Trevor Burger: And it and it gets me all the way through the night I sleep. Good. I don't have any problems at all.
Joan Kandel: Got it.
Joan Kandel: Well, we're not going to mess with success.
Trevor Burger: So we'll keep you at the same
Trevor Burger: I'm pretty sure
Trevor Burger: I'm happy to hear that you're doing well. Yes, ma'am. I appreciate it. And do you know when my next group or whatever is
Joan Kandel: Yes, yeah. We'll talk we'll talk about all that stuff.
Joan Kandel: Alright.
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: Yeah, let's, let's talk about that right now before I ask you a question. Um, so, um,
Joan Kandel: Do you have a, do you, I know that you've. There are actually three docks in in New Mexico. And so you've already met all three of us.
Joan Kandel: Dr element. Dr. Gabriel and me Dr candle. Do you have a preference of who you'd like to see
Trevor Burger: I mean, honestly, if you are Dr element is fine. I didn't really enjoy being with Gwen and her mom like that. It was kind of
Trevor Burger: It just seemed like it was a bunch of him talking and nothing really getting done.
Trevor Burger: I'm fine with you. Honestly, that's perfectly fine. Okay.
Joan Kandel: That sounds good. So, um, so my groups are
Joan Kandel: Well, let me ask you first, are you working
Trevor Burger: Yeah, the last time we were doing.
Trevor Burger: That I was doing the group on Friday at noon and then I was doing the next week, I was meeting with going and then going back to group, but I know I'll have to do it for twice a week at first, so I can make whatever work right now. I worked for my family, so I
Joan Kandel: Really can't. What's your work schedule.
Trevor Burger: Work. Oh, great.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
So you. Awesome.
Trevor Burger: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Awesome. Well, that's perfect. So, um, so, yeah. Let's get you in the
Joan Kandel: Tuesday. My groups are on Tuesdays.
Joan Kandel: Tuesday at 6pm
Trevor Burger: House. Oh, that's
Trevor Burger: Perfect.
Joan Kandel: Oh, good. All right.
Joan Kandel: I'm off work so
Joan Kandel: Oh, perfect. Then you won't even have to shift anything around
Joan Kandel: That's good. There's some good folks in that group. I think you'll like them.
Joan Kandel: So,
Joan Kandel: That group is I'm the doctor in that group and Dominique Is the therapist. I don't think you've met Dominique
Or
Joan Kandel: Yeah, she's really wonderful. So, um,
Joan Kandel: So she will get in touch with you to set up an individual appointment with her.
Joan Kandel: And she
Joan Kandel: Social email you this email work for you. Do you check your email, yes.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, I do all the time.
Joan Kandel: Okay Okay perfect, so she'll email you to try to get together a time and she is
Joan Kandel: She's, she's, she's busy and she really values her time. So it really upsets her, when people say they're going to show up and they don't. So make sure that you show up to that appointment.
Joan Kandel: I mean, she's super nice. And she's wonderful, but she she just really bothers her a lot to not tell people not show up.
Joan Kandel: And so
Trevor Burger: Don't do that to her.
Trevor Burger: Rightfully so
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Right. Right. I totally get that. So, um, so she'll get in touch with you and make sure that it's a time that you can do, and she can do and then yes for the
Joan Kandel: For a while you'll be doing. I mean, for a long time, you'll be doing the weekly groups and then you'll be meeting with her, at least at the beginning, once a week to kind of get
Joan Kandel: Get settled again and make sure that you're that you're nice and stable, especially because you're just coming out of
Joan Kandel: You know, being in an inpatient setting and back home and readjusting that's just a real tricky time. So getting as much support as you
Trevor Burger: As you need is going to be good.
Trevor Burger: For sure.
Joan Kandel: Yeah so. So your first group will be tomorrow, actually.
Joan Kandel: At six. So as you know, you know, Bret Hart very well. So check in about a half an hour beforehand to the virtual clinic and then they'll give you the number to enter into the group and then you you'll meet
Trevor Burger: To Monique and you'll meet the
Joan Kandel: Folks at the group. So it sounds like. And usually, as you know, we usually do the the refills at the group. So it sounds like you have enough to get you from today for today and tomorrow. Don't you eat it. Okay.
Joan Kandel: Awesome. So, tomorrow is when I'll prescribe it for you. Do you know
Trevor Burger: When you'll run out. Um, so I have. So I took or six
Trevor Burger: I have 48 left of the two milligrams
Joan Kandel: And you're taking 12 a day.
Joan Kandel: It's only
Trevor Burger: It's only six today.
Joan Kandel: We're taking six a day. That's right. You're taking six a day.
Trevor Burger: Okay, so. Okay, so you have a
Trevor Burger: Day seven more days.
Trevor Burger: Or did I. Yeah. That's awesome.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, it's a
Trevor Burger: Habit.
You have
Joan Kandel: Okay, awesome. Good.
Joan Kandel: Excellent.
Joan Kandel: Good. So tell me a little bit about that, about what your experience was like when you went to
Joan Kandel: The
Rehab
Trevor Burger: I mean, I don't really remember the first week, the first week was really hard and then
Trevor Burger: But I really enjoyed it. I've been to a few treatment centers and
Trevor Burger: It just seemed like place was one that had kind of cut off all the bullshit that most places, you know, use the first couple weeks teaching you and just kind of got right to that what you needed to
Trevor Burger: I did my fourth while I was in there. I'm meeting with my sponsor tonight to do start doing more and it just kind of got me fired up for it all again i i hadn't been doing it since I started the Suboxone and it was just kind of like a breath of fresh air. It really helped me I
Joan Kandel: That's great.
Joan Kandel: That's wonderful. That's really good. And the other have any rehabs had you been in before that.
Trevor Burger: That was my 10th one the first the first eight World court order. The one I went to last time was the first one I chose to go to. And then this one.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Trevor Burger: And the last one I stayed clean for seven and a half months and then I relapsed again. And that's whenever I got put on the Suboxone with a different place.
Trevor Burger: And Midland Texas and then after that I had found out about this place and it was just a little more easy to do it all and I liked it because that place wasn't making you do therapy or anything like that. It was just come get it and leave.
Joan Kandel: Haha, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, it helps to have the other stuff. The whole
Joan Kandel: The whole shebang.
Trevor Burger: DJ
Trevor Burger: On the
Joan Kandel: Good.
Trevor Burger: That and like there's no club meetings in Clovis so with everything being online right now. It's really easy to I did like three or four yesterday, so it's been, I didn't know how that
Trevor Burger: actually enjoy it.
Joan Kandel: Oh, that's wonderful. So you're getting used to the online thing again.
Trevor Burger: Yeah yeah
Joan Kandel: Yeah, they're all that's amazing. There are so many recovery meetings.
Joan Kandel: Online, it's, it's super. That's good. Um, and do did the other the other inpatient rehab that you did, did they
Joan Kandel: Did they prescribe Suboxone as part of the program or
Joan Kandel: Right.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, they did missions.
Trevor Burger: But it was just, it was just like the seven day taper to get off the opiates.
Joan Kandel: Oh, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, right, right, right.
Trevor Burger: And actually how I not on maintenance. I had the seven and a half months.
Trevor Burger: And I'd actually went to a detox to get off of it. And the guy in the detox the got Dr. That came to see me. He did Suboxone maintenance outside of there.
Trevor Burger: So he was like hey dude like you need to leave and come see me or you're going to die. And he explained it all to me.
Trevor Burger: Like about how in your head, the Raptor. It only fills up the pain side and not the pleasure. And so after I heard that it just seemed it was the only thing that allowed me to, you know, live a normal life for a year and a half.
Joan Kandel: Yes, being on the Suboxone
Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, absolutely. I mean, they they've done study after study that shows that this seven day taper really doesn't help that much in the long run.
Joan Kandel: Is when you will draw
Trevor Burger: People who are
Joan Kandel: Really high risk.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Yep.
Joan Kandel: Exactly. So, you know, I'm really glad that you're on the maintenance and I think that it's going to help you a lot. And I'm also glad that
Joan Kandel: That you're feeling that four milligrams three times a day is is a is a good dose for you because that's, that's good.
Trevor Burger: I honestly feel like anytime I ever took more than two strips a day, it, it almost went backwards.
Joan Kandel: It made you feel worse.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, I don't really know how to explain it just almost think it was like my body was so used to it that it just was not working anymore.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh. Yeah. Well, good. It sounds like you found a good, a good spot. Yes.
Joan Kandel: That's great.
Joan Kandel: Um, so tell me about you and
Joan Kandel: Nicotine
Trevor Burger: Oh, so I i really don't smoke cigarettes or anything I dip a little bit, but whenever I was every time I go to treatment I smoke just it's just a stressful time. I don't know. And then whenever I leave, I always quit, but
Trevor Burger: That's I'm just dipping right now. And I have this little thing, but it doesn't even have nicotine is just like a placebo effect, kind of just smoking something
Trevor Burger: That's how I'm trying
Trevor Burger: To. Yeah, but I did, though, but I haven't smoked a cigarette in a few days.
Joan Kandel: Good for you. That's really good.
Joan Kandel: So what's in that they that you're doing.
Trevor Burger: It's just like flavored water vapor
Joan Kandel: Haha
Trevor Burger: It's yeah just kind of like a
Trevor Burger: Because I feel like I'm more addicted to actually the motion of smoking and I was the nicotine.
Joan Kandel: Haha
Trevor Burger: So it just
Trevor Burger: Takes my mind off.
Trevor Burger: wanting a cigarette.
Joan Kandel: Yeah okay and
Joan Kandel: I was looking a little bit in your chart and I saw that you had a pretty bad. I'm
Joan Kandel: Episode from facing
Trevor Burger: Oh, it was actually those like black market THC carts.
Trevor Burger: That's what
Trevor Burger: They were cut with vitamin E acetate and I was buying them off the street.
Joan Kandel: And that's what it will I see. Yeah, that sounds pretty gnarly.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, and that's why I'm
Joan Kandel: Glad you survived that.
Trevor Burger: really shouldn't have been smoking cigarettes and that's why I'm yeah I mean by tomorrow. I won't even be doing this thing, it's just
Trevor Burger: It's like a little process. I go through every time.
Joan Kandel: Okay. Okay, good. So your plan is to not do any of
Trevor Burger: You
Joan Kandel: For sure, not a week.
Trevor Burger: Well, yeah, like only put a dip in at night right now and buy in a week, maybe even less than a week. I won't be doing that.
Joan Kandel: Good for you.
Joan Kandel: That's great. Well, I, I applaud that. That's really that's important because you're trying to be as healthy as you can be.
Yeah.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, I'm actually I have one more question for you.
Trevor Burger: I have to the doctor that was in there. He was because I have a torn ACL right now. Yeah.
Trevor Burger: The Suboxone really honestly takes almost all of the pain away, but the
Trevor Burger: Only way I'm gonna set my phone down real quick. The only way I know how to explain it is like, like a neuron. How has all those things shooting in and out of it. It feels like there's, it's like that on my knee, but like what needles and he
Trevor Burger: He was giving me a gabapentin in there. It wasn't a high dose, but it took it all the way I think I was only taking like 300
Trevor Burger: In the morning and at night, but he had just told me to ask you all about that. And if I needed to see my orthopedic surgeon on Thursday for that's fine too. I just figured out
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: So I'm a little cautious with gabapentin just because it does help with it with the shooting pain, but it's, um,
Joan Kandel: It's a, it's a tricky medication because some people can become addicted to it and we found that more and more people are using it as a drug abuse. So I'm really kind of careful with that. And you're right. That wasn't a very high dose 300 milligrams twice a day.
Joan Kandel: But, uh, but I try not to prescribe that
Joan Kandel: Tomorrow, that's just like I don't prescribe Ben's those two folks.
Trevor Burger: If I'm prescribing the Suboxone
Joan Kandel: I didn't ya know that
People
Joan Kandel: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, it's crazy. I mean, we used to not think that, and then
Joan Kandel: People were starting to really enjoy the feeling of it because it kind of gives you that little kind of spacing, the feeling I didn't know if it does it.
Trevor Burger: Know I
Joan Kandel: Was
Kind of
Joan Kandel: Feeling
Trevor Burger: But like I said, I was
Trevor Burger: A boy, I doubt from that I would have felt anything. Yes, that's just some kind of crazy to me. I don't know.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Yeah, I know. I was really surprised the first time that I learned that too. But, but, yeah.
Trevor Burger: No, I definitely don't want it in that case.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, drug addicts will find a way, somehow. So definitely no gabapentin
Trevor Burger: I didn't even know that.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, it's, it's kind of a newish thing maybe the last year or so that we've been noticing that that's happening.
Joan Kandel: Do you have an appointment with him with your orthopedist
Trevor Burger: Yeah, I've met with him a few times and got my MRI and stuff, but he said you know that
I could get
Trevor Burger: I could get it done right now or in a year and it won't be different in a year. So my plan was just, just wait a while, at least a year till I'm stronger and my recovery. Sure. And at a lower dose.
Trevor Burger: Of subaltern. That's it, it sounds good.
Joan Kandel: Uh huh.
Joan Kandel: DO YOU ARE YOU I sing your knee.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, I have one of those machines that hooks up to like a ice cooler thing and it pumps it through. I'm really not in any pain at all other
Trevor Burger: Than weird like sensation. It really doesn't hurt the first month I couldn't walk on it, but that whole treatment. It was I walked on it pretty much the whole time and it doesn't really hurt. Unless I'm going upstairs or something.
Joan Kandel: Okay, yeah. Good. Are you using that fancy sounding ice machine.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, yeah. I use it twice a day.
Joan Kandel: Good. It sounds pretty cool. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: There's ice therapy is amazing. It's really powerful. It really helps the body.
Trevor Burger: To
Joan Kandel: Take away the inflammation and it really, really helps. So keep that up. And are you doing any physical therapy for me.
Trevor Burger: I just some like little exercises to keep my like quad strong
Joan Kandel: Perfect, yeah, that makes a huge difference.
Joan Kandel: On the on the news, the quads and the end the hamstrings. Make sure to balance those out.
Joan Kandel: Good, see you have a little home routine that you do.
Trevor Burger: Pursue opening and
Trevor Burger: Your I do it in the morning and at night. Yeah.
Joan Kandel: Perfect.
Joan Kandel: I don't remember.
Trevor Burger: Right off the paper, but
Joan Kandel: Yes. Yeah, right. Yeah, that's what that's what papers are for
Okay.
Joan Kandel: So, uh, did it besides your besides your knee injury did anything else change with your, with your health or
Joan Kandel: Or anything since the last time you
Joan Kandel: You had a an intake with brighter.
Trevor Burger: Nope that's it.
Joan Kandel: Okay, and the only medical medications you're taking as the Suboxone and propranolol
Trevor Burger: Yeah, he, he sent me home with a
Trevor Burger: Thing. It's called a
Trevor Burger: Man.
Trevor Burger: He was given me baclofen while I was in there for the withdrawals by I'm not either. I just felt like it wasn't even working and then
Trevor Burger: Yeah, that and then Clonidine that he was given me a point to it for the sweats, but I haven't been taking that either in a few days.
Joan Kandel: Okay, perfect. Yeah, sounds like you're kind of through that you don't need.
Joan Kandel: This really
Really. Sure.
Joan Kandel: That's good. Yeah. So now that you're back at you got back to Clovis on Saturday.
Trevor Burger: Saturday. All right.
Joan Kandel: So what's it like for you to be back in Clovis, and do you have
Joan Kandel: People that used to use with around. And how's that going
Trevor Burger: But no, I live my family really supports me and they're all sober. I live with my grandma and
Trevor Burger: I mean there's I even like the whole last year and a half, you know i i had kind of made a new life of sober people because I was on the Suboxone and whenever I relapse. It was just like a little two week period of me using by myself in my house.
Trevor Burger: And
Trevor Burger: Another thing like
Trevor Burger: I was having my medical marijuana card. And so I was doing that way too much and I cut it up and threw it away. I haven't done that and almost four weeks. And I think that made a big difference in how well the Suboxone work too because I got so dependent on it, just to eat.
Trevor Burger: A high if I didn't have it in the morning I wake up and throw up until I got some and then a. So I think getting off of that.
Trevor Burger: Right, it's the box and work 10 times better.
Joan Kandel: I think you're totally right.
Trevor Burger: Yeah.
Joan Kandel: I'll bet your belly is happier.
Trevor Burger: Yeah for sure that it just feels nice to wake up and be hungry. Whenever you wake up instead of throwing up
Joan Kandel: Oh, that's great. Yeah. Some people have that reaction with marijuana
Joan Kandel: They just really have a lot of throwing out so that's good. So that's, that's, that's a good thing to know about yourself.
Joan Kandel: Is that that doesn't that doesn't work so great for
Joan Kandel: You because not everybody gets that. But some people
Trevor Burger: First, you know, it wasn't like that. It just got to where I was doing it so much that
Trevor Burger: I could not eat without it.
Joan Kandel: It was nice.
Trevor Burger: It was ridiculous. I went to the hospital. A few times for and they put me in a hot shower and they said that there's like actual disease. Now, or or
Trevor Burger: Ira IRS, I don't know. Remember what it stands for. Or I don't think that's right. It's some kind of thing that they found out. We've been doing to
Joan Kandel: People yeah it's hyper emphasis
Joan Kandel: Oh, yeah.
Joan Kandel: Paralysis. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Some people get that and it's a it's devastating.
Joan Kandel: So as usual, shit.
Joan Kandel: Yeah. Right, right. All right. Well, the goal is to stay away from evil shit.
First
Joan Kandel: Right. Right. Okay. All right.
Joan Kandel: Great. So, um, so do you have any questions for me.
Trevor Burger: No, at the moment, I don't. I appreciate you everything now.
Joan Kandel: Okay.
Trevor Burger: Thank you very much.
Joan Kandel: Yeah, well, you're welcome. It's I'm really glad that you're back with bright heart because you know this is gonna, it's going to really help and
Joan Kandel: We'll, we'll get started. New you know it's new, but it's old. It's the same old bright heart but
Trevor Burger: It's new.
Because
Joan Kandel: You know, you'll be with in my group with Dominique so Dominique will reach out to you and get you scheduled for your therapy session, and then we'll see you tomorrow night at six.
Trevor Burger: For sure, I'll be there. I appreciate it.
Joan Kandel: GOOD. YEAH. GOOD TO MEET YOU, TREVOR
Trevor Burger: Yes, you use well, have a good day.
Joan Kandel: I'll see you tomorrow.
Trevor Burger: See you.
Joan Kandel: Okay, you too.
Joan Kandel: Okay.